Add more BIC detail about PHP and PHPUnit (#7317)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.4/release-notes/backward-incompatible-changes/index.md

-  Introduced a Bulk version of `IsProductSalableForRequestedQtyInterface` API
-  Introduced a Bulk version of `IsProductSalableInterface` when working with a list of items

### PHP

> PHP 7.4 support is added to Magento 2.4.0 and the lowest compatible version is PHP 7.3. As the result, some of the Composer libraries used by Magento have been updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PHP 7.4 support is added to Magento 2.4.0, and the lowest compatible version is PHP 7.3. As the result, some of the Composer libraries used by Magento have been updated.
```

This section lists the backward incompatible changes and deprecated features in PHP 7.4. During development, we also discovered changes in the behavior of the `setcookie` function:

```php
setcookie("tst", "Test Message");
print_r(headers_list());
//PHP 7.3
Array
(
    [0] => X-Powered-By: PHP/7.3.14
    [1] => Set-Cookie: tst=Test+Message
)
//PHP 7.4
Array
(
    [0] => X-Powered-By: PHP/7.4.4
    [1] => Set-Cookie: tst=Test%20Message
)
```

### PHPUnit

The current PHPUnit framework version used with Magento 2.4.0 is PHPUnit 9. This requires refactoring most PHPUnit-based tests.

The most critical changes include:

-  The methods listed below now have a void return type declaration:

   ```terminal
   PHPUnit\Framework\TestCase::setUpBeforeClass()
   PHPUnit\Framework\TestCase::setUp()
   PHPUnit\Framework\TestCase::assertPreConditions()
   PHPUnit\Framework\TestCase::assertPostConditions()
   PHPUnit\Framework\TestCase::tearDown()
   PHPUnit\Framework\TestCase::tearDownAfterClass()
   PHPUnit\Framework\TestCase::onNotSuccessfulTest()
   ```

> -  The following method has been removed and the tests implementation should be changed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  The following methods have been removed, and you should change the implementation their tests:
```

   ```terminal
   assertAttributeContains()
   assertAttributeNotContains()
   assertAttributeContainsOnly()
   assertAttributeNotContainsOnly()
   assertAttributeCount()
   assertAttributeNotCount()
   assertAttributeEquals()
   assertAttributeNotEquals()
   assertAttributeEmpty()
   assertAttributeNotEmpty()
   assertAttributeGreaterThan()
   assertAttributeGreaterThanOrEqual()
   assertAttributeLessThan()
   assertAttributeLessThanOrEqual()
   assertAttributeSame()
   assertAttributeNotSame()
   assertAttributeInstanceOf()
   assertAttributeNotInstanceOf()
   assertAttributeInternalType()
   assertAttributeNotInternalType()
   attribute()
   attributeEqualTo()
   readAttribute()
   getStaticAttribute()
   getObjectAttribute()
   ```

-  The signature of `assertContains()`, `assertNotContains()`, `assertEquals()`, and `assertNotEquals()` were changed. In most cases, more specific methods should be used instead, like `assertStringContainsString()`

#### Tips and Tricks

> -  Use `\PHPUnit\Framework\Assert::assertEqualsCanonicalizing()` if you need to compare 2 entities with a different order of elements. `assertEquals()` has been used before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Use `\PHPUnit\Framework\Assert::assertEqualsCanonicalizing()` if you need to compare two entities with a different order of elements. `assertEquals()` has been used before.
```
